in 1962 the Cuban Missile Crisis was
heating up and the threat of nuclear war
drove the Webber family underground how
long will we have to stake down here 25
years 35 years three decades they lived
a fairly normal life but their son has
become a man what did you wish for son
now the time has come I wish that I
could meet a girl for Adam to step out
and discover the world what is it
the sky I've ever in my life seen
anything like it before
oh my lucky stars let me grow well
tomorrow Ben what's up let me get
something this is your first visit to
lala land from New Line Cinema I've
never driven before and the director of
the First Wives Club my champagne
cocktail I thought only hookers drink
this well I know mom sure likes him
comes a story about a guy in his 30s
even doing I'm watching television in
color stuck in the 60s I love sushi
I love lucy' looking for love in the 90s
you're a nice boy but what Eve needs is
a nice man shall we dance
we go
I'll shop a mr. Zhu
Brendan Fraser Alicia Silverstone
Christopher Walken and [ __ ] Spacek
blast from the past
you